[Music]
then what is going on with Bruce Willis
these days sad isn't it
it's like he's sleepwalking good day to
die hard is like the worst diary ever no
good day to die hard it's not a die hard
movie all right if the original die hard
is Wrath of Khan then good day to die
hard is to voyage home all right it's
not even close
Olympus has fallen is more of a die hard
movie than good day to die hard knows
Olympus has fallen is die hard like
literally beat for beat they just change
the setting and most of the actors
otherwise same movie good day to die
hard wouldn't be made a good take in
sequel that's how lazy it is yeah I'm on
vacation
alright let's cram a catchphrase in
because tired movies were supposed to
have quotable lines so I'm going to lean
catchphrase that's what really bothers
me right it's not even accurate like
he's in Russia to get his son out of
prison that's like the opposite of
vacation yeah did we just agree on
something yeah it's blowing my mind
it feels weird doesn't it what's the
first time you've been right about
something I imagine that we're feeling
weird strange
all I'm saying is Bruce Willis is either
making kerbal movies these days or just
doing walk-on cameos in terrible meals
GI Joe retaliation and both Expendables
movies okay
surrogates come on dude looper is great
I'm telling you I've told you that
several times would you know somebody
well let me see it cop out dude don't
even get me started on cop out why Kevin
Smith gonna hate that guy dude oh no
cop-outs not great but chasing Amy's
great Jay and Silent Bob still makes me
laugh you don't like Kevin Smith movies
I didn't say anything about his movies
man I hate him
- talking you hate Kevin Smith man I
mean he makes funny movies he gets
awesome talks he's got like a trillion
kick-ass podcasts podcasts 2003 called
they went there cutting into media
format back and that's just an ignorant
statement podcasting it's never been
more popular
maybe it wasn't doing so many podcasts
he'd have time to answer my fan mail you
sent in fan mail would you send it they
sent him a picture I wanted him to sign
and what was a picture of me you sent a
famous actor movie director picture of
yourself and asked him to sign it and
you're surprised that he didn't do it
not surprised
vengeful plotting my revenge ever since
can you get this I can't get this well
all I'm saying is people usually get
autographs a Glee star can you imagine
how rare it would be think about what
I'm gonna be able to sell this thing for
alright nobody on the planet as a
picture with me
autographed by Kevin Smith well we're
rarity is only good enough when you've
got demand
[Music]
people have to want the thing that
you're trying to sell alright I can put
a jar of my own crap on eBay and call it
a one-of-a-kind item and that may very
well be true but that doesn't mean
anybody's gonna buy it I think you
underestimate the kind of people that
hang out on the internet somebody would
totally buy that alright but I also
think you underestimate and people that
like my videos they might want they want
photo of me mmm
want to brag or anything but have you
seen the YouTube stats got like tons of
subscribers and I've only got most of
those subscribers because Kevin Smith
tweeted about you in the early going I
know huh
that's all well and good but if you
think that's gonna square things his
sins against me personally and he's got
another thing coming oh I'm just saying
people don't like your channel because
of your looks and they don't want
pictures of you autographed by Kevin
Smith alright it's not what they want I
can't sell that anyway it's not until I
get it you're never gonna get it
thank you invoke lose your damn toy
how'd you do that you can look at the
packaging this is for big kids five and
up you know what your face dude do you
want me to autograph a picture of you
probably be worth as much money